src/pages/hooks/useUndoRedo.mdx, before:

# useUndoRedo

The `useUndoRedo` hook manages a stack of user actions to enable undo and redo functionality.

## Installation

1. Make sure you have `@ridgehkr/useful` installed in your application. If not, you can get started by following the [installation instructions](/#getting-started).

2. Import `useUndoRedo` into your component.

```tsx
import { useUndoRedo } from '@ridgehkr/useful'
```

## Example

This is a basic example where `useUndoRedo` is used to limit the update frequency of a search input's value:

```tsx /useUndoRedo/ filename="UserActions.tsx"
import { useUndoRedo } from '@ridgehkr/useful'

export default function SearchInput() {
  const { actions, redo, undo, takeAction, clearActions } = useUndoRedo()

  return (
    <div>
      <button onClick={undo}>Undo</button>
      <button onClick={redo}>Redo</button>
      <button onClick={() => takeAction('New Action')}>Take Action</button>
      <button onClick={clearActions}>Clear Actions</button>
    </div>
  )
}
```

The `inputValue` state value is updated whenever the user types in the input field. However, the actual rendering of the throttled value (`throttledValue`) will only occur at most once every 600 milliseconds. This prevents excessive re-renders when the user is rapidly typing.

## API Reference

### Parameters

This hook does not accept any parameters.

### Return Value

| Property           | Type                  | Description                                                                                           |
| :----------------- | :-------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **`actions`**      | `T[]`                 | An array of actions of type T, representing a stack of all actions that can be undone/redone.         |
| **`redo`**         | `() => void`          | Push the most recently undone action back onto the `actions` stack.                                   |
| **`undo`**         | `() => void`          | Pop the most recent action from the `actions` stack.                                                  |
| **`takeAction`**   | `(action: T) => void` | Push a new action onto the `actions` stack.                                                           |
| **`clearActions`** | `() => void`          | Delete all actions from the `actions` stack as well as any preserved actions resulting from `undo()`. |

Commit message:

Fix doc errors from copy and paste

src/pages/hooks/useUndoRedo.mdx, after:

# useUndoRedo

The `useUndoRedo` hook manages a stack of user actions to enable undo and redo functionality.

## Installation

1. Make sure you have `@ridgehkr/useful` installed in your application. If not, you can get started by following the [installation instructions](/#getting-started).

2. Import `useUndoRedo` into your component.

```tsx
import { useUndoRedo } from '@ridgehkr/useful'
```

## Example

This is a basic example where `useUndoRedo` is used to manage a stack of user actions. The actions are represented by a static string, but in practice could be anything other than `null` or `undefined`.

- `takeAction()` is used to push a new action onto the `actions` stack.
- `undo()` and `redo()` are used to pop and push actions onto the `actions` stack, respectively
- `clearActions()` is used to delete all actions from the `actions` stack as well as any preserved actions resulting from `undo()`

```tsx /useUndoRedo/ filename="UserActions.tsx"
import { useUndoRedo } from '@ridgehkr/useful'

export default function SearchInput() {
  const { actions, redo, undo, takeAction, clearActions } = useUndoRedo()

  return (
    <div>
      <button onClick={undo}>Undo</button>
      <button onClick={redo}>Redo</button>
      <button onClick={() => takeAction('New Action')}>Take Action</button>
      <button onClick={clearActions}>Clear Actions</button>
    </div>
  )
}
```

## API Reference

### Hook Signature

**`useUndoRedo<T>()`**

### Parameters

This hook does not accept any parameters. Its type parameter `T` represents the type of the actions that will be managed by the hook.

### Return Value

| Property           | Type                  | Description                                                                                           |
| :----------------- | :-------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **`actions`**      | `T[]`                 | An array of actions of type T, representing a stack of all actions that can be undone/redone.         |
| **`redo`**         | `() => void`          | Push the most recently undone action back onto the `actions` stack.                                   |
| **`undo`**         | `() => void`          | Pop the most recent action from the `actions` stack.                                                  |
| **`takeAction`**   | `(action: T) => void` | Push a new action onto the `actions` stack.                                                           |
| **`clearActions`** | `() => void`          | Delete all actions from the `actions` stack as well as any preserved actions resulting from `undo()`. |
