src/pages/index.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'
import Install from './_partials/install.mdx'

# Useful: a React hooks library

Useful is a library of React hooks designed to simplify and expedite your application development. It takes care of atomic background tasks, allowing you to concentrate on your application's own unique requirements. Here, you'll find comprehensive guidance on how to utilize and integrate Useful's hooks into your React applications.

<Callout emoji='⚠️'>
  Useful is currently in Alpha and is **not recommended for production
  environments.** In the meantime, you can help us reach our first stable
  release by [contributing](https://github.com/ridgehkr/useful/).
</Callout>

## Getting Started

First, install Useful from NPM by running the following in your terminal:

<Install />

After the installation is complete, you can import the hooks into your React components. For example, this is how you would import the `useFetch` hook:

```tsx
import { useFetch } from '@ridgehkr/useful'
```

For a complete list of all available hooks, see the [list below](#hooks-index).

## Hooks Index

### UI

- [useDarkMode](/hooks/useDarkMode)\
  Monitor and manage your application's dark mode.

- [useElementSize](/hooks/useElementSize)\
  Track the width and height of a given element.

- [useSlideshow](/hooks/useSlideshow)\
  Manage the state of a slideshow component.

- [useTabs](/hooks/useTabs)\
  Manage the state of a tabbed interface.

### Environment

- [useCSSCustomProp](/hooks/useCSSCustomProp)\
  Track the current value of a CSS custom prop.

- [useBatteryStatus](/hooks/useBatteryStatus)\
  Monitory the level and charging state of the user's device battery.

- [useDeviceOrientation](/hooks/useDeviceOrientation)\
  Provide access to device orientation data such as tilt and rotation.

- [useGeolocation](/hooks/useGeolocation)\
  Get the current geolocation of the user's device.

- [useIdleTimeout](/hooks/useIdleTimeout)\
  Track user activity and trigger actions when the user becomes idle for a specified period.

- [useIntersectionObserver](/hooks/useIntersectionObserver)\
  Utilize [IntersectionObserver](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Intersection_Observer_API) to track the scrolled visibility of a given component.

- [useLocalStorage](/hooks/useLocalStorage)\
  Manage state of local storage.

- [useMediaQuery](/hooks/useMediaQuery)\
  Monitor the state of custom media queries.

- [useMousePosition](/hooks/useScrollPosition)\
  Track the current X and Y coordinates of the mouse.

- [useOnlineStatus](/hooks/useOnlineStatus)\
  Monitor the connected state of the user.

- [useScrollPosition](/hooks/useScrollPosition)\
  Track and change the window scroll position.

- [useSessionStorage](/hooks/useSessionStorage)\
  Manage data persistence in the browser's local storage.

- [useWindowSize](/hooks/useWindowSize)\
  Monitor the window size and respond to changes.

### Utilities

- [useAsync](/hooks/useAsync)\
  Manage the execution state of an asyncronous function.

- [useDebounce](/hooks/useDebounce)\
  Debounce the updating of a value to limit rapid-firing events.

- [useFetch](/hooks/useFetch)\
  Fetch data from a given URL and manage loading and error states.

- [useList](/hooks/useList)\
  Manage a List data structure.

- [useRandomString](/hooks/useRandomString)\
  Generates a random string based off of specified criteria.

- [useStack](/hooks/useStack)\
  Manage a stack data structure.

- [useThrottle](/hooks/useThrottle)\
  Throttle the updating of a value to limit rapid-firing events.

- [useTimedCounter](/hooks/useTimedCounter)\
  Manage a counter that increments at a specified timed interval.

- [useUndoRedo](/hooks/useUndoRedo)\
  Manage undo and redo functionality for user actions, providing a history of changes that can be navigated

## Roadmap

Useful is a new project and still has room for growth! We plan to add more [hooks](#proposed-future-additions), [unit tests](#unit-tests), and improve documentation.

Though these lists are by no means in their final state, these are the current plans for the future of Useful:

### Proposed Future Additions

The following are hooks that we plan to add to Useful after the first full release:

#### Hooks

- [ ] `useClipboard`: interact with the clipboard, allowing easy copy and paste content programmatically
- [ ] `usePagination`: manage pagination logic, including tracking the current page and items per page
- [ ] `useModal`: manage display state and possibly other properties of a modal

#### Unit Tests

- [ ] `useAsync`
- [x] `useCustomCSSProp`
- [ ] `useDarkMode`
- [ ] `useDebounce` (in progress)
- [ ] `useElementSize`
- [ ] `useFetch`
- [ ] `useGeolocation`
- [ ] `useHover`
- [ ] `useIdleTimeout`
- [ ] `useIntersectionObserver`
- [x] `useList`
- [ ] `useLocalStorage`
- [ ] `useMediaQuery`
- [ ] `useMousePosition`
- [ ] `useOnlineStatus`
- [ ] `useRandomString`
- [ ] `useScrollPosition`
- [ ] `useSessionStorage`
- [ ] `useSlideshow`
- [x] `useStack`
- [ ] `useTabs`
- [ ] `useThrottle`
- [x] `useUndoRedo`
- [ ] `useWindowSize`

## Contributing

Useful thrives on contributions from developers like you! If you encounter issues or have any suggestions for improvements, please feel free to contribute by opening an issue or submitting a pull request in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/ridgehkr/useful).

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/ridgehkr/hooks/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

Built by [Caleb Pierce](https://calebpierce.dev).

Commit message:

Update homepage with hook status

src/pages/index.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'
import Install from './_partials/install.mdx'

# Useful: a React hooks library

Useful is a library of React hooks designed to simplify and expedite your application development. It takes care of atomic background tasks, allowing you to concentrate on your application's own unique requirements. Here, you'll find comprehensive guidance on how to utilize and integrate Useful's hooks into your React applications.

<Callout emoji='⚠️'>
  Useful is currently in Alpha and is **not recommended for production
  environments.** In the meantime, you can help us reach our first stable
  release by [contributing](https://github.com/ridgehkr/useful/).
</Callout>

## Getting Started

First, install Useful from NPM by running the following in your terminal:

<Install />

After the installation is complete, you can import the hooks into your React components. For example, this is how you would import the `useFetch` hook:

```tsx
import { useFetch } from '@ridgehkr/useful'
```

For a complete list of all available hooks, see the [list below](#hooks-index).

## Hooks Index

### UI

- [useDarkMode](/hooks/useDarkMode)\
  Monitor and manage your application's dark mode.

- [useElementSize](/hooks/useElementSize)\
  Track the width and height of a given element.

- [useSlideshow](/hooks/useSlideshow)\
  Manage the state of a slideshow component.

- [useTabs](/hooks/useTabs)\
  Manage the state of a tabbed interface.

### Environment

- [useClipboard](/hooks/useClipboard)\
  Copy and paste content to and from the clipboard.

- [useCSSCustomProp](/hooks/useCSSCustomProp)\
  Track the current value of a CSS custom prop.

- [useBatteryStatus](/hooks/useBatteryStatus)\
  Monitory the level and charging state of the user's device battery.

- [useDeviceOrientation](/hooks/useDeviceOrientation)\
  Provide access to device orientation data such as tilt and rotation.

- [useGeolocation](/hooks/useGeolocation)\
  Get the current geolocation of the user's device.

- [useIdleTimeout](/hooks/useIdleTimeout)\
  Track user activity and trigger actions when the user becomes idle for a specified period.

- [useIntersectionObserver](/hooks/useIntersectionObserver)\
  Utilize [IntersectionObserver](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Intersection_Observer_API) to track the scrolled visibility of a given component.

- [useLocalStorage](/hooks/useLocalStorage)\
  Manage state of local storage.

- [useMediaQuery](/hooks/useMediaQuery)\
  Monitor the state of custom media queries.

- [useMousePosition](/hooks/useScrollPosition)\
  Track the current X and Y coordinates of the mouse.

- [useOnlineStatus](/hooks/useOnlineStatus)\
  Monitor the connected state of the user.

- [useScrollPosition](/hooks/useScrollPosition)\
  Track and change the window scroll position.

- [useSessionStorage](/hooks/useSessionStorage)\
  Manage data persistence in the browser's local storage.

- [useWindowSize](/hooks/useWindowSize)\
  Monitor the window size and respond to changes.

### Utilities

- [useAsync](/hooks/useAsync)\
  Manage the execution state of an asyncronous function.

- [useDebounce](/hooks/useDebounce)\
  Debounce the updating of a value to limit rapid-firing events.

- [useFetch](/hooks/useFetch)\
  Fetch data from a given URL and manage loading and error states.

- [useList](/hooks/useList)\
  Manage a List data structure.

- [usePagination](/hooks/usePagination)\
  Manage pagination state.

- [useRandomString](/hooks/useRandomString)\
  Generates a random string based off of specified criteria.

- [useStack](/hooks/useStack)\
  Manage a stack data structure.

- [useThrottle](/hooks/useThrottle)\
  Throttle the updating of a value to limit rapid-firing events.

- [useTimedCounter](/hooks/useTimedCounter)\
  Manage a counter that increments at a specified timed interval.

- [useUndoRedo](/hooks/useUndoRedo)\
  Manage undo and redo functionality for user actions, providing a history of changes that can be navigated

## Roadmap

Useful is a new project and still has room for growth! We plan to add more [hooks](#proposed-future-additions), [unit tests](#unit-tests), and improve documentation.

Though these lists are by no means in their final state, these are the current plans for the future of Useful:

### Proposed Future Additions

The following are hooks that we plan to add to Useful after the first full release:

#### Hooks

- [ ] `useModal`: manage display state and possibly other properties of a modal
- [x] `usePagination`: manage pagination state
- [x] `useClipboard`: copy and paste content to and from the clipboard

#### Unit Tests

- [ ] `useAsync`
- [x] `useCustomCSSProp`
- [ ] `useDarkMode`
- [ ] `useDebounce` (in progress)
- [ ] `useElementSize`
- [ ] `useFetch`
- [ ] `useGeolocation`
- [ ] `useHover`
- [ ] `useIdleTimeout`
- [ ] `useIntersectionObserver`
- [x] `useList`
- [ ] `useLocalStorage`
- [ ] `useMediaQuery`
- [ ] `useMousePosition`
- [ ] `useOnlineStatus`
- [ ] `useRandomString`
- [ ] `useScrollPosition`
- [ ] `useSessionStorage`
- [ ] `useSlideshow`
- [x] `useStack`
- [ ] `useTabs`
- [ ] `useThrottle`
- [x] `useUndoRedo`
- [ ] `useWindowSize`

## Contributing

Useful thrives on contributions from developers like you! If you encounter issues or have any suggestions for improvements, please feel free to contribute by opening an issue or submitting a pull request in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/ridgehkr/useful).

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/ridgehkr/hooks/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

Built by [Caleb Pierce](https://calebpierce.dev).
